Add order history doc (#151)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_sdk/customization/order-history.md

---
sidebar_position: 4 
---

# Enable order history

> Our library provides the capability to enable order history, offering users to easily track their past orders directly within the catalog. This feature introduces a redesigned "My Space" section, which includes two dedicated tabs: **Favorites** and **History**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our library provides the functionality to enable order history, allowing users to easily track their past orders directly within the catalog. This feature introduces a newly redesigned "My Space" section, which includes two dedicated tabs: **Favorites** and **History**.
```
